feature/10 - Build Native Images (#21)
exasol/bucketfs-client: doc/changes/changes_1.1.0.md

# Bucketfs Client 1.1.0, released 2023-??-??

> Code name: Added native image
> 
> ## Summary
> 
> Enhanced build scripts to build native images of BFSC for various operating systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code name: Added native executables

## Summary

Enhanced build scripts to build native executables of BFSC for operating systems Linux, macOS and Windows.
```
